Random ideas:

talking to npc that sells stuff:

-howdy ho buy my things.
-I don't remember you being in the book?
-Oh, there's tons of stuff that happened that aren't in the book.
-what book?

---

Components:

Already in:

Position
Sprite
Path
MouseControl
Camera
DialogTrig
Light
--
Laser	(active)
AutoAim (passive)
Magnet	(passive)
RobotCtrl (passive)

- on the way -
Shield (active, circle around the robot that blocks laser and saves hp)
charge (active, replenish 100% energy - one use on level 1, 2 on 2 etc.)
heal (active, replenish hp - one use)
boost (active, hold button to go faster, costs energy.)
teleport (active, dissapear and reappear randomly?)

these are in a special category (far right in addon collection):
Diagonal (passive, let robot go diagonally)
MouseCtrl (passive, let robot go wherever)
build/destroy blocks (passive, takes 2 slots!, click map to build or remove a block (10 times or so))

Todo:
Register components and systems in sysManager class. Done!
Set the player up in Chars class (add components). Done!
Use bitset.reset() in between. Done!

Add fbl log function (SDL_Log) Done!
Add func setNew() to path-class()? Yes but not urgent :)

Change dirs in explore mode. Done!
Add unwalkable tiles. Done!

Add camera component. Done!
Add camera system. Done!
Add camera limits, lerp and deadzone. Done!


New file, like LuaDialogue that exposes some new functions to be called
from lua, like: StartDialogue() that sets a variable that you can pick up in Lua.
Also some cutscene stuff maybe. And give items. High level gameplay things.
Set up text and font stuff (and dialogs, ui) in C++. Then do dialogue with coroutines. Done!
Trigger system to start dialogues! - Done!

Added LuaDialogue.cpp but vc doesn't like the extern lua_State variable! Fix it!
test to put(tm): extern "C" {extern lua_State variable} in LuaDialogue.cpp. Done!!

Add weather! On the way, clouds done! Will make (it) rain. Rain done!
Fix path finding bug where you restart when pathing. Done!

Day/Night and lights - Done!
Amazing lightning effect! - Done!
Make snow - Done!
Add Tile flip in ScenEdit - Done!

--TODO NEXT--

Draw you own sprites! And own ip :)... DONE!
Add animated water-"corner" (4 of them) to make lakes. Done!
Draw characters before weather :) (now brodo is walking on the clouds). Done!
Fix green borders on mobile. - Tried black rects, did not work.. Seems to work with the new logical res trick, experiment further!
Start to add sounds and music - Done!

Small bug: If you click Talk, after the conversation the player will path to the Talk button coords :) FIXED!!!!!
Start planning the racing system! Make new folder makes sense. - done.

Add pick start, randomize rest.	- done.
Add laser (note that each robot can only equip one of each addon). - Done!
Add auto-aim (used by Cpu's and optionally the player) - Done!

Add tweening. - Done!
Add camera shake. Done!
Add darkness/light to the race. Done!
Add button to bring up RobotCollection. - Done!

Make nice transition between levels. Two filled rects that meet in the middle of the screen. Also some text describing the location.
Add some nice tiles (more grass, snow etc) - done.
Make a couple of nice levels that are final-ish - Will start with one!
Make the tile-type 0-9 be terrain. 10-19 = objects (pushable blocks, shops, secret passage etc.) 20-up NPCs
Make a sound system for music, ambient sounds and sfx. - in progress.

Maybe add more detailed folder structure. Done!
Add #ifdef cplusplus in the html5 section of emscripten build to build easier. - Done!
Add a save system online and leaderboards online (inLeed node). {

Regarding save/load game: Maybe keep track of everything in Progress.cpp, every time something happens:
- you claim a new robot
- a robot levels up
- a robot gets a new component (addon, position etc)
- player earns cash etc.

Think about this a bit.

Keep simple:

What location are you at?
How much money?
Which robots do you own, what levels are they?
What addons do you own? What levels are they?

Maybe limit the times/places you can save. At the beginning of a new location? That way, the dialogues
will be intact.

}


Cool thing:
Make a "dungeon" with never ending races, player sets up a team of 3 robots with strategic addons, can't repair.
Just go as far as you can.


robot collection menu! - done!
the actual game (race) - in progress..

Team of 3 robots to compete? - later
passive (i.e magnetic) and active (i.e laser) skills. - done.

Sprite layers are:
Ground tiles (grass and blocks): 0
Player: 1
Tunnel tiles (player goes under): 2
Clouds: 3
Gray collectionMenu BG: 4
White RobotBg BG: 5
Powerups: 6 (coins and such, not done)
Robots: 7 (on top)
Magnet effect: 8

Addons are UI elements (buttons), will always be rendered on top of everything.

Come up with a solution for the collectionMenu being susceptible to time of day :) - Done!

MAYBE looks like a good idea to remove path component of the robots in explore mode :)
at least if you use mousectrl on one of the robots, and hop between race and explore.
Done - I removed the path components, only use 4 (max) now.

Next:

Some kind of meaningful powerup that the robots can pick up (also added during the race). Done! (coins)


Maybe separate Path and RobotPath systems (esp. if the a.i gets more sophisticated). Yes I think so.

Write some catchy synth-tunes.

Also later (maybe):

Let player drop a bait that a.i-robots follow!
Let player MouseCtrl the robot.
What about teams? 3 races after one another?
Just wipe all the fbl_-lists and call init race again.
More stuff in explore mode: Shops, sokoban block pushing?, standard fetch quests.
Add more vegetable-npcs tomato-man, pear-man (done!). old man (used to race robots in the 60's)
Add three more distinct locations (explore), like winter (snow), city etc.


Story idea:
Charming alarming is taken to the scrapyard (e-waste) without knowing about it, but finds out.
Charming alarming fakes becoming self aware to plead to the player.
The player believes the robot an start questioning himself.


-----------------------------------------------------------------

NEXT THING TO DO:

- Add a system for setting new waypoints easily (base, center) done!

maybe PathLogicSystem that sets various points based on stuff like do I have a flag? (go to base)
if you get a flag (bb hitdetect) (could also be a dropped flag on the way) you head to your base. This should work
the same for all robots, but the player should be able to click (anywhere?) and change path. In the base you get full energy. - almost done.

The center contains 10 flags that can be picked up 1 by one and dropped in the base. - Done!

All robots can go back to base at any time and recharge the energy (by clicking on the base.) - Maybe..

- Make addons work in robot-collection aand in the race (correct addon as buttons) - Done!!

10 different addons total (autoaim, laser, shield, magnet, mine, teleport, build/destroy blocks etc)
5 levels to each addon! (same components/sprite just different stats/colors (make fbl_set_ui_elem_color(r, g, b)))
total of 50 addons (don't do all of them, save some for updates :)

Think about which addons are passive and active and how to use them in the best way.

Choose

idea: after each race the player can choose to buy 1 of 3 random items (1 robot and 2 Addons).
Some stuff is really expensive.
less chance to get good stuff of course (rarity etc). Can't be offered stuff you already own of course.
When you buy a robot, all the addons are removed and the robot is level 1. 

Robots can level up and gain HP, speed, energy, diag.

- Use observer pattern to handle sfx, screen shake etc. MAYBE NEXT TIME :)

- create hasComponent function? yes :) - Done!

ad- add a bunch of slimes. Story slime (green), info slime (yellow) and race-slime (red). And a level that progresses to a boss fight with lv 5 alarmy & co.

- add a checkbox next to the robot name in robotCollection that will be used in the race.

- create a function setRobotLevel() in robots.cpp that sets a robot to a specific level (stats component)
  This can be used to level up AND to set AI robots to specific levels as the game gets harder.

- Add the manual laser (add another short line-prim) the line point in the direction where you shoot. GOOD idea! :) - Done! (crosshair)

- Add the skills to the race! already started in addons I think. DONE!!!

- reserve 3 "boss robots" that can't be claimed. The last race is against these.
  construct a bunch of races (start by talking to race-slimes). The enemy robots should have increasing level and addons.

- If a robot dies, It's gone forever!!! If all robots are dead the game is over. YES!

- Make the robots different from each other. Charmy (balanced) Alarmy (op) Chompy (strong slow), Boingy (fast but weak) etc.

- Maybe each race should cost a little bit to prevent grinding xp and coins. OR just allow a race once! hmm

- The last race should be very hard and require many high level robots in your collection and strategic addons use.

- if your robot dies in a race the next robot (to the right in collection) will start.

- each race start with fully healed and charged robots? NO, charged but not healed.

- OR maybe you can talk to to a slime that repairs you robots for a fee. Or sometimes free.

- make the difficulty easy first race, but quickly harder. One full playthrough should maybe be 2 hours.

BUGS:

1. If you create an emitter before the first weather-call in Game.cpp, the fbl_set_lighting_tint() doesn't work!
Really  weird, probably something simple. (Test if this is still relevant, might have fixed it)

2. The zip from gihub builds and runs but can't load a level! Also weird. Just use git pull/clone.

3. if a robot dies, the next time you play the autoaim is gone! if it's the player you can get it back by re equipping.
   (it's because the autoaim.active is turned off!)

4. when robots get a new path they sometimes cut corners very aggressively, sometimes even going completely through a block!
	Could this be bc they are halfway into a tile and gets a new path. Test it out.
