Random ideas:

talking to npc that sells stuff:

-howdy ho buy my things.
-I don't remember you being in the book?
-Oh, there's tons of stuff that happened that aren't in the book.
-what book?

---

Components:

Already in:

Position
Sprite
Path
MouseControl
Camera
DialogTrig
Light

Todo:
Register components and systems in sysManager class. Done!
Set the player up in Chars class (add components). Done!
Use bitset.reset() in between. Done!

Add fbl log function (SDL_Log) Done!
Add func setNew() to path-class()? Yes but not urgent :)

Change dirs in explore mode. Done!
Add unwalkable tiles. Done!

Add camera component. Done!
Add camera system. Done!
Add camera limits, lerp and deadzone. Done!
Maybe add damping even in corners? Yes maybe later.

New file, like LuaDialogue that exposes some new functions to be called
from lua, like: StartDialogue() that sets a variable that you can pick up in Lua.
Also some cutscene stuff maybe. And give items. High level gameplay things.
Set up text and font stuff (and dialogs, ui) in C++. Then do dialogue with coroutines. On the way!
Trigger system to start dialogues! 95 % Done!

Added LuaDialogue.cpp but vc doesn't like the extern lua_State variable! Fix it!
test to put(tm): extern "C" {extern lua_State variable} in LuaDialogue.cpp. Done!!

Add weather! On the way, clouds done! Will make (it) rain. Rain done!
Fix path finding bug where you restart when pathing. Done!

Day/Night and lights - Done!
Amazing lightning effect! - Done!
Make snow - Done!
Add Tile flip in ScenEdit - Done!

--TODO NEXT--

Fix green borders on mobile. - Tried black rects, did not work.. Just draw all the green ground tiles and make the bg black (it will work)!
Start to add sounds and music - in progress.
Make a sound system for music, ambient sounds and sfx.
Add animated water-"corner" (2 of them) to make lakes.
Draw characters before weather :) (now frodo is walking on the clouds).

Make nice transition between levels. Maybe a circle that shrinks. Or two filled rects that meet in the middle of the screen.
Add some nice tiles (more grass, snow etc)
Make a couple of
Make the tile-type 0-9 be terrain. 10-19 = objects (pushable blocks, shops, secret passage etc.) 20-up NPCs

Start planning the fighting system! Make new folder makes sense.
Maybe add more detailed folder structure.
Add #ifdef cplusplus in the html5 section of emscripten build to build easier.

Other stuff:
Add Cards and deck, think about a good solution.
Ecs? probably! or oop..
